Tailscale mr (#2)
turbot/steampipe-mod-tailscale-compliance: docs/index.md

---
repository: "https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-tailscale-compliance"
---

> # AWS Tailscale Compliance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Tailscale Compliance
```

> Run tagging controls across all your AWS accounts to look for untagged resources, missing tags, resources with too many tags, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run individual configuration, compliance and security controls or full compliance benchmarks across all your tailscale resources.

```

---
repository: "https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-tailscale-compliance"
---

# Tailscale Compliance

Run individual configuration, compliance and security controls or full compliance benchmarks across all your Tailscale resources.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-tailscale-compliance/main/docs/security_best_practices_dashboard.png" width="50%" type="thumbnail"/>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-tailscale-compliance/main/docs/security_best_practices_tailscale_security_best_practices_dashboard.png" width="50%" type="thumbnail"/>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-tailscale-compliance/main/docs/ security_best_practices_mod_terminal.png" width="50%" type="thumbnail"/>

## References

> 

Reviewer 2: We're missing a reference to what Tailscale is here

## Documentation
- **[Benchmarks and controls →](https://hub.steampipe.io/mods/turbot/tailscale_compliance/controls)**

## Getting started

### Installation

Download and install Steampipe (https://steampipe.io/downloads). Or use Brew:

```sh
brew tap turbot/tap
brew install steampipe
```

Clone:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-tailscale-compliance.git
cd steampipe-mod-tailscale-compliance
```

### Usage

Start your dashboard server to get started:

```sh
steampipe dashboard
```

By default, the dashboard interface will then be launched in a new browser
window at https://localhost:9194. From here, you can run benchmarks by
selecting one or searching for a specific one.

Instead of running benchmarks in a dashboard, you can also run them within your
terminal with the `steampipe check` command:

Run all benchmarks:

```sh
steampipe check all
```

Run a single benchmark:

```sh
steampipe check benchmark.security_best_practices
```

Run a specific control:

```sh

> steampipe check control.tailscale_device_authorization_enabled

Reviewer 2: Please see similar comment in the README.md

```

Different output formats are also available, for more information please see
[Output Formats](https://steampipe.io/docs/reference/cli/check#output-formats).

### Configuration

> Several benchmarks have [input variables](https://steampipe.io/docs/using-steampipe/mod-variables) that can be configured to better match your environment and requirements. Each variable has a default defined in its source file, e.g., `controls/limit.sp`, but these can be overriden in several ways:

Reviewer 2: Please see similar comment in the README.md
